hello and welcome back to the system
shock 2 let's play okay basically I have
worked to do at the moment University
work as well as been graduating and
things so I haven't really had time to
this but I know anything catch up on
some tapes so I thought I'd do very very
good part catching up on the how many
times it is i miss it might be too might
be eight I don't know let's find out
something is going on courage can heal
themselves off in dec three keeps
calling for people to go down there one
by one vogel boyton sweater act none of
them will come back but they call for me
I don't know what I'm gonna do if
Bronson is starting to make a lot of
noise you're the senior flight officer
you have to act I would I knew what the
hell was going on I got an email from
critical this morning saying he was
coming up for an inspection and when he
arrived was something revolting it was
Anatoly but it wasn't at the same time
it seemed beautiful and it felt like
part of it he sang to us all of us and
we felt like one of many
paranoia has struck somebody has changed
the access codes of the security station
in the officers quarters and now we
can't get the key to shuttle control I
think Meyers is the likely suspect and
all that guy thinks about is conspiracy
theories of naked girls the data
gathering process is going well before
I'm taken by the many I will hopefully
transmit a fair bit of information to
whoever will listen the large floating
creatures are not only capable of
attacking with powerful side projections
but our side projections themselves
destroying them only temporarily
disables them the real source of power
comes from a small control organism
which is usually located somewhere
nearby although this control organism is
quite powerful through its projections
it's eminently vulnerable once rooted
out wait what floating creatures lovely
if we can reprogram the same units a
different power to the transmitter on
deck 5 my new friend will be able to
regain control of the primary data loop
from Xerxes
e8 says that will let us use the bridge
elevator and take control of the ship I
say no oh I've got a few minutes on one
out so quick gander I shan't Michigander
we took while we're up here last time
let's have a quick one nonetheless case
any demons oh crap i don't what really
huh
but were they Oh on the ceiling I just
walk the whole thing that doesn't seem
right of God everywhere that's about it
I ready luckily I have like a trillion
here kept so it's just Luton time is it
what's that take it any way with
recycling gotta help the planet right
who keeps unresearched needles in their
lock like bunk rooms because would you
want a bunkmate like that I wouldn't yo
Johnny what do you do with a needle
would you like to know don't keep
needles around it's not something like
to put the right out with it stealing
people's joke okay you keep school need
in their Locker that I mean talk about
needles Johnny go Johnny gchat you got
screen name yours knocking what's
Alabama what just in case you know any
monsters taking the ship and kill
everyone okay sure you know I'm not
gonna call fucking security or something
with it
I can somebody take it you know yo give
you that you know and assets for the
meat oh my god here's invasion that it
works plan yes I know my health is low
who's telling me that anyway so my suit
Gordon Freeman see followed it kill
every last one and back to hook it where
was oh lovely well done surgically
activation key which he stole kept his
locker it's not only abyss all the same
guy just keeps those different offers
everywhere seems like a kleptomaniac as
well it's worrying so don't we need to
get in here pursuing the glasses like
bouncy so not really sure oh yeah oh
just passable security access
compromised security access compromised
imperio foo oh I'm actually gonna end up
like doing a pie that's right shuttle
back cut us I'm after
now the demons will spawn where's my ice
pick there are such a horrible ways okay
it's so scary for the cameras I've shop
technology system offline well it then
so if we head back and climb climb down
Lana wears a scary decision here as well
saw the point that one upstairs so wait
where am I bathrooms bathrooms officers
lounge what's up the signs the way where
the diamond fibers
it was made what was useful how about
that are you dumber